---
title: "I was the MC - Chapter 001"
date: 2021-10-06T00:16:17+13:00
draft: false

slug: "i-was-the-mc"
category: "I was the MC"
tags: ["protagonist mc", "villain ml", "bl"]

translator: ["Axis"]
---
The new lord of the Demon Realm was a lazy, lazy person who spent his waking hours eating and doing nothing else. Everyone in the Demon Palace knew it. <!--more-->

In contrast, while it was hard to catch a glimpse of the former Demon Lord, his entrances were grand, his authority was overwhelming, and no one could straighten their backs in his presence.

This new lord was closer to his subordinates, probably anyway.

Whether it was inside or outside the Demon Place, including the martial arts hall, the study, the main bedroom, even in the torture room and forbidden areas, you would see him where there was a space to lay down. And when you saw him, he was doing nothing but sleeping sloppily or eating. If he wanted, he would even use a dry vine as a couch and eat low quality stuff, like snacks collected from the mortal realm. From almond cake, osmanthus cake, glutinous rice cake, melon seeds to dried fruit. His favourite were melon seeds, because they were small, each bag had a ton of them and they wouldn’t take up too much tummy space.

Wherever he went, he’d make his presence known. The servants of the magic palace didn’t dare to look up at him, staring at the pile of melon seeds at his feet instead without rushing to clean. Once their master was about to leave, he’d burn it all, leaving no ashes. It was a ground cleaner than one washed with water!

It was raining all morning today, and by the time the sun was close to the west, his subordinates found it strange to not have seen him today.

"Where’d the Demon Lord go to snooze today? I’ve been searching for ages."

"Haven’t seen him, though I was planning to show this jujube cube I just made!"

The two palace servants who often served the Demon Lord’s bedroom tried probing from outside, one carrying cake and the other with a serviette. But they did not dare stepping in without permission.

After the two left, a colourful butterfly flew around the entire Demon Palace, and then entered the Demon Lord’s bedroom. Finding no one in the end, it flew out of the Demon Palace and landed on the carved dragon pillar on the palace roof. It then transformed into a feminine and enchanting woman with one hand on her hips, and said, "Where the heck is that Demon Lord?"

There was an eagle perched on the pillar. It raised his head and exchanged a few words with her, only to hear an angry cry: "That damn brat!"

The woman turned back into its original form and left. The small butterfly was faster than the falcon, and in the blink of an eye, the tiny spot disappeared in the eagle’s field of vision.

 At this time, in Gefeng Town, there was a loud voice.

Gefeng Town was on the edge of the devil world, adjacent to two orthodox sects, so it was a dangerous place in theory. However, it was prosperous, and the streets were crowded after a bout of summer rain.

There are two figures walking through the crowd. The person walking in the front was dressed as red as fire. He was tall, with a blue ribbon tying his uncombed hair behind his head and a red ribbon half-hidden in his hair. The boy behind him appeared to have his hair combed and was following behind obediently while looking at the objects on the street stalls. It was hard to tell the age of either person from their face and neither looked particularly easy to beat up.

This town had plenty of people who hid their real appearance, so usually new visitors went by unnoticed. Some passerbys did a double take as these two people were simply too handsome.

Qinghan was not used to being stared at. Seeing that the person in front buy and throw yet another pile of almonds into his storage bag, he couldn’t help asking: “My L...Master, aren’t we here to find someone?”

Gengqi: “Which is what we’ve been doing right?”

Qinghan: “……”

*More like eating.*


When they got to the front of the mansion where most people had gathered, Gengqi looked at the huge mansion curiously. The main door on top of the white stone steps was half-covered and the interior could not be seen. The people were crowded around a charred corpse, lying against a lacquered wooden pillar on the stone steps.

It was not an exaggeration to say that it was a burnt corpse.

The corpse was black all over, not even a piece of flesh could be seen. Except for a human figure, nobody knew its gender. No one knew whether it was struck by lightning or burned by fire to get that kind of corpse.

Someone said: “That’s another one, I don’t know how we’ve lost this month already.”

The tone was light-hearted, as if indifferent to the dead person’s identity.

Someone replied: “The wife of the Li family also disappeared yesterday. I reckon she’s going to die too.”

There was a lot of discussion in the crowd. Gengqi prodded a man’s shoulder with his index finger nearby and asked: “Excuse me Miss, what’s the matter with this corpse?”

The girl turned her head and was taken aback for a moment.

She was stunned, as the person who asked her from behind had beauty beyond the mortal world, with sharp facial features, slender eyelashes, eyes like peach blossoms, and a blood-red mole below the edge of those eyes. Truly breathtaking.

But looking closer, the person’s eyes had a faint dark circle, as if he wasn’t getting enough sleep, blemishing his perfect face. The initial surprise faded a little, but she was still smiling when she said: “Did Mister come to this town today?”

 Gengqi said: “Yeah, just got here.”

“No wonder.” The girl explained carefully. “No one knows who’s behind it, but in recent days there are always people missing in the town. They all disappeared quietly. Every missing person is eventually returned to the house as a burnt corpse like this.”

“Why do they burn the corpse?”

While he was wondering about the exact thing, someone else asked first.

When murdering someone, it was always about destroying the corpse and hiding the evidence, so this was his first time seeing otherwise.

From behind Gengqi, Qinghan looked at the burnt corpse on the stone steps with a slight frown. Because of the noisy voices around him, he had raised his voice, causing everyone to look sideways and stare at him. He froze, thinking that he was asking the wrong question, and then stuttered: "I...I’m sorry."

Embarrassed children always garnered pity. A married woman in the crowd said: "You don’t know anything young man, the Guhuo-ghost has always been like this, it eats the soul and then burns it corpse with fire, only satisfied after the corpse is completely burnt."

Upon hearing this, Qinghan raised his eyebrow again.

The “Guhuo-ghost” was a name given to a soul-eater by the mortal world. In ancient times, there were nine-headed monsters called Guhuo-birds, which can inhale and cannibalize souls. Coincidentally, the original form of the soul-eater was also a bird. The soul-eater only had one head, and its strength was far less than that of Guhuo-birds, but people didn’t know the difference. They could only see that the surroundings are similarly ghostly when both appeared, leading to the name “Guhuo-ghost”.

The Soul Eater wasn’t unique to the mortal realm, it also did in the two demonic realms. Where there were souls, there were Soul Eaters. They weren’t just a threat in the mortal realm, they were equally feared and resented in the demon world as well.

Qinghan: “But if soul extraction is the motive, then isn’t it a waste of effort to return the body after three days?”

“It’s revenge.” Someone said angrily: “Demons are demons. A couple years ago there was also a Guhuo-ghost and it got expelled back to the demon world by the disciples of Yan Alchemist Sect. But that Guhuo-ghost must have a grudge and is back to cause havoc. That new Demon Lord has been killing people since he was a baby, there’s no doubt that his subordinate demons are up to no good!”

“How can a baby kill people?”

“Normal babies can’t kill, but that one ain’t normal. Legend has it that he swallowed his own mother during birth and hatched from an egg after hundreds of years, causing a massive fire that raged on Mount Kaopang day and night, not leaving a sign of life behind. For such a monster, killing people is nothing. Plus, he has that kind of father!”

Remembering the Demon Lord that successfully ascended a hundred years earlier, the disharmony of the crowd increased.

No one had ascended for thousands of years in the Xuanling Continent, and yet the next one was a demonic cultivator.

Some people expressed pity: “What a pitiful child, he lost his mother and never saw his father while being an egg.”

“That’s not pitiful at all!” A person in the crowd sneered: “Say, that demon brat’s mother wasn’t a special bird, she might’ve been a lower-class demon who managed to climb on the Demon Lord’s bed. Why else would the Demon Lord not take the kid with him when he ascended?”

“I agree. No matter how powerful  that little demon is, he’s still a bastard that nobody wants!”

Those people said it with much conviction, as if they had seen it with their own eyes.

The crowd gossiped, many laughing with mockery. Qinghan wanted to explain, but he couldn’t find a chance to interrupt. He subconsciously looked at the expression of the person next to him and was struggling to argue back but was stopped.

Gengqi’s expression didn’t change. He looked at the corpse once more and turned away: “Let’s go.”

He took out a bag of almonds from his storage bag and delivered them to his mouth one by one. He stepped away slowly and calmly and then he accelerated when he heard footsteps behind him.

An unnerved voice spoke from behind him: “Why didn’t the Mister let me explain?”

Gengqi said bitterly: “You lose if you talk too much, got it, young man? Just listen to this kind of thing as gossip. If you are serious, you’ll lose.”

“But they said...those...” Qinghan froze for a long time and couldn’t say it: “An that Guhuo-ghost...”

“That Guhuo-ghost died in the Demon Realm. No one in the Mortal Realm knows. Even if you told them, no one would believe you.” Geng Keng automatically ignored Qinghan’s last unspoken sentence and smiled indifferently.

“……” Qinghan looked frustrated: “So let them speculate?”

“It’s called shouldering the blame by lounging at home.”

“……”

Qinghan was still feeling upset when he heard a sudden wail behind him. He snapped around, only to see that a few people who had been ranting in the crowd jumping up and down in front of the mansion. Upon inspection, it seemed that the cloth on their bottom had a gradually expanding hole, created by a small flame. Some people were slapping it, while others rolled, but all failed to extinguish the flame. They were forced to take their outer clothes, but the slow ones had their shiny bottoms out on full display. It was so embarrassing that gossips had stopped.

Qinghan looked stunned: “Young Master, they…this…”

After walking for a while, Gengqi suddenly stopped. Qinghan thought he was going to say something. But unexpectedly, Gengqi turned his head and looked at the teahouse on the other side and said: "I’m tired, let’s take a break first."

“……”

Standing in the same place and looking back, the people who had taken off their clothes were cursing. Some people in the crowd yelled at the Guhuo-ghost for revenge. The whole street was empty of birds in a blink of an eye.

Qinghan could see clearly that the outer rim of the tiny flame was light purple. It was not an ordinary flame at all, and it was certainly not a ghost fire. It was clearly...

He turned to the figure that was already seated at the back of the teahouse.

*Didn’t you say you don’t need to be serious?*

He reluctantly caught up again, entering the teahouse known as Wanyuelou.

Without turning his head back, Gengqi held his newly bought bag of almonds and went straight to a suite on the second floor.

He was really tired. He was yawning long before entering the room, and when he got in, he lay down at the tea table, placing his hands under his head as a pillow.

“Call for some tea.”

“Okay.”

Qinghan was about to ask about the earlier matter but got sent down to grab the tea.

The tea table was next to the window, perfect for seeing the streets below.

The people with bare bottoms had disappeared, and the crowd had dispersed. The scorched corpse at the door of the mansion was still there, no one collected the corpse.

When Gengqi opened a small slit of the sliding window, wisps of breeze leaked in, and at the same time, there was a wisp of shapeless black mist.

Qinghan reappeared at the door with hot tea, feeling some unexpected coolness in the summer heat. When he saw the extra shadow in the room, he immediately understood what a certain someone meant by “finding someone” earlier.

“There are fifteen disciples in total, led by the first disciple of the Tianzhi Sect Master, and they will arrive in the town around 5 pm,” said the shadow.

“5 pm?” Gengyu asked: "What time’s it now?"

“3 pm has just passed.”

“……” In other words, they had to wait another 2 hours.

Gengqi scanned the room, fixing on a screen separated the outer and inner rooms. He walked over and saw that there was a soft couch in it, probably for guests to rest.

How considerate!

“Let me know when it’s 5.”

The shadow was gone before his words had settled, which was totally normal for Qinghan. He took a sip of untouched tea and was about to go out when he saw a head poke out from behind the screen, saying: "Oh yeah, who’s the first disciple of that sect?"

“You mean Rongyu?” Qinghan turned his head: “He’s the one to inherit the sect, personally taught by the Tianzhi Sect Master himself. He was brought it back from Mount Kaopan a hundred years ago and was only seven or eight years old when he joined the sect. After a few years of cultivation, he built a foundation at the age of 15 and reached core formation at 20. Now that a hundred years have passed, nobody has seen how high his cultivation has reached, and no one has seen him fight."

Everyone in the moral and demon realm knew this, but this master never came out of his house didn’t know a thing.

“Brought back from Mount Kaopan?”

“Yes.”

Gengqi frowned slightly.

Seeing him lost in thoughts, Qinghan asked: "Aren’t you looking for a woman, why ask about him?"

Gengqi replied back seriously: "Just curious."

“……”

Qinghan felt helpless: "Since she’s a member of Tianzhi Sect, why not go to the sect directly to look for her?"

“You shouldn’t look at the protagonist’s woman, even from a distance. Got it, boy?”

With an emotional sigh, the voice and figure went back behind the screen.

Qinghan thought blankly for a while. No one built pentagons in Gefeng Town, so where would a pentagonist pop out from? 

Unable to understand, he blinked, turned, and left.

Gengqi lay down on the soft couch behind the screen, feeling that the name "Rongyu" was a bit familiar, and turned the jade ring on his left hand thumb.

 [The system failure is being repaired, please wait...]

“……”

Words from two years ago, and still the same two years later. What an unreliable trashy system!

He was not from this world. Two years ago, he had fallen into this book called “Cultivation Records of Another World”, a cultivation story of which he had read three chapters.

No plot, no cheats, and a trashy system!

The spoiled ending of the original was the main reason why he had abandoned the novel: The male protagonist and the villain had perished together.

With his status as the Demon Lord, he was undoubtedly the villain, but he was still not sure who was the MC.

So, keep an eye out for the heroine, find the male lead, be buddies and worries can fly away!

He turned the jade ring back emotionlessly, rolled over on the narrow soft couch and fell asleep with his eyes closed.

The tearoom was silent, Qinghan closed the door when he went out, and the dark shadow had disappeared in the room already at some point.

The summer sun did not set till after 9 pm, causing an afterglow of the setting sun to envelope the entire town. A group of people appeared at the entrance of the town. They stood at the entrance of the town for a while but were not in a hurry to enter. Their leader wore a white brocade robe, had his back to the crowd as he stared at a willow tree. A black crow stared at him, flapping its wings the moment he stretched out his hand, flying towards the direction of the small town and disappearing after passing the stone monument at the entrance.

The man’s hand stopped in mid-air for a while. A black feather fell on his fingertips, turning into a plume of black smoke and disappeared.

……
