---
title: "The Paranoid Protagonist Always Thinks I Have a Crush on Him [Apocalypse] - Chapter 001"
subtitle: "Need more than a script to act"
date: 2021-10-07T22:02:30+13:00
draft: false

slug: "paranoid-protagonist"
category: "The Paranoid Protagonist Always Thinks I Have a Crush on Him [Apocalypse]"
tags: ["cannon fodder mc", "protagonist ml", "bl"]

translator: ["Axis"]
---

Some content before. {{< tn label="After" note="test" >}} a few nights of reading to {{< tn label="finish" note="test3" >}} the million-word novel, Lin Shengyu closed the computer with panda eyes. <!--more-->

The main character {{< tn label="finish" note="test3" >}} of this story was indeed the most powerful male protagonist he had ever seen. Although there were many dangers around protagonist and the black-hearted, black-livered, and black-lunged villains would come up with new methods to abuse him every day, he still managed to save himself from danger again and again. {{< tn label="finish" note="test3" >}} Finally, after tens of thousands of words, he made some progress, starting from foddering the cannon fodder, massacring the zombies of the apocalypse, expanding the harem, leaving excited readers in his wake.

All the supporting roles against him became cannon fodder without exception, and all died miserably.

Lin Shengyu curled the corners of his mouth in disgust. These cannon fodder must’ve had imperfect childhood development to abuse the male protagonist in a rush.

Closed his eyes, Lin Shengyu heard a gentle electronic female voice pop out of his mind a second before falling asleep: [Congratulations, you have successfully triggered the grievances of the cannon fodder. You will now be transmigrated to the novel, “Dominate the Apolocalypse”, and became a member of the cannon fodder community.]

[We would also like the Host to change the fate of the cannon fodder community.]

[The current Host’s identity is Gu Nanliu, the non-blood-related brother of the male protagonist, Gu Nanqi.]

[Congratulations to the Host for successfully binding to one “Fuck the Protag” system. Our slogan is: If you want to survive, snatch the golden finger of the protagonist! Seize the opportunities of the protagonist! Snatch the harem of the protagonist! And successfully off the protagonist!]

Lin Shengyu was suddenly awake.

He opened his eyes. His messy bedroom disappeared, and there was a white world in front of him, one where he couldn’t see where the end began.

A pinch made the back of the hand hurt.

Another pinch still hurt.

The electronic sound was still echoing in his mind.

About half a minute later, Lin Shengyu’s dead brain finally started working again.

Lin Shengyu: Fuck this!
He had a vague memory of this Gu Nanliu! Relying on a little relationship with the male lead, he started recklessly courting death everywhere during the apocalypse. He even nabbed the protagonist’s spiritual space ring and almost succeeded in killing him.

But how could the protagonist GG easily? Gu Nanliu was nothing. After two chapters, he was found by the male lead who had escaped to death. He lost the spiritual space ring and his life. A textbook example of a cannon fodder.

 “...Can I refuse?”

Confronting the protagonist was certain death. Lin Shengyu didn’t want to become cannon fodder, let alone die because of it.

“Refusal denied. The system will drop the Host into the world of Dominate the Apocalypse in five seconds. The current time is the third chapter of the novel. The Host will take over the body after Gu Nanliu successfully grabs the space ring.”

“……” In other words, he had to pay for someone else’s crimes with his own death?

Lin Shengyu clearly remembered that this cannon fodder named Gu Nanliu stabbed the momentarily weak protagonist in the heart and slit his throat with a knife, before grabbing the ring.

As for why the hero didn’t die, it was something to ask the author. No matter what, Lin Shengyu didn’t feel that he could rewrite the fate of this cannon fodder! A person who stabbed people in the heart and slit throats was a total monster after all!

But it was no use no matter how he protested in his heart.

After a dazzling light dissipated, Lin Shengyu saw the scene in front of him.

This was a simple and clean boys’ bedroom. The surrounding walls were so white that they could reflect light. In the light that sun shone through the windows, Lin Shengyu could see every single dust particle floating in the air under the sun.

And a Gu Nanqi in front of him.

He had transmigrated at the perfect time. He held a knife in his hand, and Gu Nanqi’s heart had been pierced by the same knife a mere second earlier.

With a blood-stained shirt, the only nineteen-year-old Gu Nanqi was looking down at his chest in disbelief in his clear eyes.

Before Gu Nanliu’s betrayal, Gu Nanqi was boy who was fill of trust towards everyone in the world.

Gu Nanqi mumbled: “Brother?”

Lin Shengyu: Wobbly hand with knife.jpg

Holding a knife in one hand and the spiritual space ring snatched from Gu Nanqi in the other, Lin Shengyu had a deep suspicion about this world for the first time.

[Host! Come on! Raise that knife and stab down! Go! Destroy the protagonist, slit his throat, dig out his heart! Crush his bones and burn his corpse! You will become the new protagonist after finishing this task!]

Lin Shengyu stood in place, stiff, standing like a sand sculpture.

Fucking hell, did this system think he hadn’t read the novel. This protagonist couldn’t die at all! He couldn’t! Even if his corpse was gone, he’d make a comeback by borrowing a corpse!

[Do not hesitate! You have no retreat! Remember, this is not a drill! This is not a drill! Either the hero dies, or you die!]

[The knife has stabbed; the grudge has begun! According to the personality of the protagonist, it is impossible to forgive you. Host, please face and accept reality quickly. Our slogan is...]

No, no, no, this was not the script he wanted. Opposing the protagonist was certain death. Lin Shengyu refused to jump on the villain ship.

Gu Nanqi’s body could no longer be supported. The light in his eyes gradually dimmed, and the eyes looking at him seemed to have a little bit more hatred...

Lin Shengyu knew that when the male lead recovered, his time of death will come.

[Don’t sit and wait for death! Host, please cheer up! You are the hope of the cannon fodder world, the pillar of the cannon fodder world!]

Yes, he couldn’t sit and wait for death.

While his thoughts and the system sounds rolled wildly in his head, Lin Shengyu finally found a trace of sanity at that moment. His stiff and hideous expression quickly became painful and distorted.

Dropping the knife, Lin Shengyu took two steps back with an expression of horror. Under Gu Nanqi’s gaze, he grabbed his right hand, with a confused expression and foggy eyes. “I, what did I just do??”

“It seems that something is controlling my body...” His eyes were red, and his voice was stifled, “Xiao-Qi, r-run away...get away from me!”

Thinking his acting wasn’t good enough with just words, Lin Shengyu collapsed with a thump. He squeezed words from between his teeth: “...I can’t control myself, pl-please kill me.”