---
title: "Chapter 002"
subtitle: "He's a good person"
date: 2021-10-07T22:05:30+13:00
draft: false

slug: "paranoid-protagonist"
category: "The Paranoid Protagonist Always Thinks I Have a Crush on Him [Apocalypse]"
tags: ["cannon fodder mc", "protagonist ml", "bl"]

translator: ["axis"]
---

Sorry to say, but Lin Shengyu had never learned acting. <!--more-->

Before he got transmigrated, he was just a happy male college student who liked to play games and read novels.  
Happy male college student Lin Shengyu discovered for the first time that the importance of life was so heavy.

He was terrified that Gu Nanqi would not believe him. After he had finished reciting the words in his mouth, he rolled his eyes and passed out heroically.

He was like an upright man who bravely fought against an evil spirit.

Lin Shengyu strained his ears and listened quietly for a while, finally hearing Gu Nanqi slumping to the ground.

His heart had been stabbed after all. It was hard enough to be able to hold it for that long already.

He didn't dare to lie down for longer. After counting five seconds silently in his heart, he clambered up and threw himself at Gu Nanqi's side, crying with sorrow. "Waaah, I'm so sorry... how could I do such a terrible thing! I'm a fucking bastard!"

[Beep beep——]  
There was a sharp alarm sound in his head.

[Character has collapsed]

[Warning, character has collapsed]

Fuck, Lin Shengyu cursed in his heart.

Collapse what fucking character, don't you know about self-correction?

Don't you know what being undercover is about?

Don't you know that the injury from a loved one is the hardest to forget?

Didn't we agree to become role models of the cannon fodder world?

Lin Shengyu was forced to babble in his heart. Surprisingly the sharp sound of the system... disappeared.

[……What do you mean?] After a while, the system carefully asked.

Lin Shengyu rolled his eyes.

He then explained to the system in his thoughts: Undercover is about being his {{< tn label="lil bro" note="The **bro culture** is pretty strong in China. A stronger/wealthier man would usually be known as the older bro, and he would protect the ones under his wing – his lil (little) bros. Stereotypically the big bro would be involved in mopping up trouble caused by the lil bros, while the lil bros would gather to protect the big bro's women (yes, plural!), be the occasional meat shield and fight beside the big bro in largescale fights. The ironic thing here, is that Lin Shengyu is technically older than Gu Nanqi (his original/current body are both one year older) but he wants to be the lil bro.">}}, be his right-hand man, win his trust, help him expand the harem, gather his other bros, and then when he believes in you the most, you rock the ship with the bros and harem.

[Hiss...] The system took a breath. [Sounds reasonable enough]

Followed by a vigilant, [Will this really work?]

Lin Shengyu was too lazy to continue explaining, urging: Hurry up, tell me how I want to save him.

He still remembered this part of the story. According to the story, the daughter of the Gu family's butler, Ji Xue, would soon rush over in panic and rescue the dying Gu Nanqi.

And Ji Xue's father, after seeing that Gu Nanqi was injured by the young master of the Gu family, would tell him a secret that had been buried for many years.

The secret was incredibly ridiculous——The novel said that Gu Nanqi and Gu Nanliu were not blood-related brothers. The reason why the protagonist lived in Gu Nanliu's home was because Gu Nanliu's parents adopted him while he was a parentless child.

The kindness and nurturing of his adoptive parents had made the male protagonist endure the ridicule and abuse from Gu Nanliu for nearly two decades.

Although Gu Nanqi was cold-blooded, he still knew how to repay his gratitude. After the apocalypse, he still thought about taking care of the remaining seedling in place of his adoptive parents.

After he was injured, the butler would tell him that in fact, his parents had been killed by Gu Nanliu's parents.

The author had shed light on this background in a simple paragraph. When reading the novel, Lin Shengyu hadn't had any special thoughts on this scene apart from sighing over how ridiculous the situation was.

But at this moment, please allow him to scream up to the sky.

This was the reason that made Gu Nanliu determined to kill Gu Nanqi.

For the sake of his own life, Lin Shengyu would not give Gu Nanqi a chance to meet with Butler Ji.

But then there was a very serious problem that needed to be solved: Ji Xue was a healer with supernatural powers and continued to live in the Gu family residence after the apocalypse. She was the only one who could save Gu Nanqi.

To avoid the Ji father and daughter, Lin Shengyu had to accomplish two things.

First, he had to cure Gu Nanqi.

Second, he had to take Gu Nanqi through layers of corpses, leave the Ji family father and daughter and run far away.

After coaxing and persuading for a long time, the system refused to help. It hid itself without saying a word, preferring death than helping.

Lin Shengyu curled his lips and put the spiritual space ring back into Gu Nanqi's pocket. He looked around the bedroom and was just about to find another way out, when he heard a trail of soft footsteps coming from outside the door.

Followed by a knock on the door.

Ji Xue was slightly nervous.  
She stood outside the door and waited for a while, clenching her fists, hesitating in her heart whether to push the door open.

At present, in this entire villa, the only ones alive were the two young masters of the Gu family, her father and herself.

As for the other servants, the ones who die died, those who flee fled, and those who become zombies became zombies.

Ji Xue always remembered the care of the second young master of the Gu. If it weren't for him, she and her father would have died in the mouth of the zombies that day.

Today was the third day of the outbreak.  
In the past few days, thanks to the wealth of the two young masters, she was able to eat and live without any worries.

In the past, the second master would have woken up by seven o'clock in the morning.  
She didn't know why, but he hadn't come out of his room today yet.

Ji Xue was worried. Wanting to see the situation, she knocked on the door twice, but never got a response.  
During the apocalypse, anything unexpected could happen. If the second young master wasn't one to prefer quiet and didn't hate being disturbed by others, the people who survived would've stayed in the same room at such a time.

She was worried and scared.

Seeing that there was no response in the bedroom, she reluctantly twisted the doorknob and pushed the door open.

In the next second, Ji Xue saw a scene that she would never forget in her life.

Gu{{< tn label="-gege" note="Older brother, could be blood-related or not blood-related. Describing a non-family member with this honorific means quite a bit of affection." >}}, whom she admired with all her heart——Gu Nanqi was lying in a pool of blood with a pale face, unconscious.

The scene was shocking, as if hands were forcibly digging out her heart from her body. Her expression was horrified, and her brain became blank because of the shock.

"Gu...Gu-gege?" She quivered her lips and trembled.  
Just as she was about to come forward, she noticed that a person was still lying on his stomach not far away.

The man's hands were full of blood, crawling slowly toward the door as if he had a broken leg. Just a few feet away, it seemed as if he had exhausted all the strength of his body. Ji Xue could clearly see the faintly bulging blue veins on the back of his hand... and the lingering grey despair hovering over him.

He crawled up to her with great effort, turned to look at her, stretched out his hand, and reached out to grab her trouser legs as if grabbing a driftwood.

"Pl... please, help him..."

She was shocked.

"First Young Master Gu..." She stood up at the same time, muttering in a daze.

The second young master was unconscious on the ground with a knife in his chest.

There was no third person in this room.

Ji Xue couldn't imagine what happened here just now.  
But she had an unspeakable guess.

She felt a tug on her trousers.

Ji Xue lowered her head, looking into the first young master with bleak face with her thoughts on her face.

His gaze was cracked: "G-Go and save him... If you can save him, I will give you anything!"

The guess rolled around on the tip of her tongue and was swallowed back quickly.

Ji Xue suddenly recollected her thoughts. Putting aside the first young master's affairs, she ran to the second master's side in a panic. She stretched out her hands to check his wounds.  
Although she had never studied medicine, she luckily acquired a healing ability on the first day of the outbreak.

Ji Xue never expected that this would be the first time she'd use her ability.

It was fortunate that Gu Nanqi stubbornly clung to life, so that there was no danger to his life despite the knife had reached his heart.

She first treated Gu Nanqi's wound briefly with her powers, then while trembling, resisted the urge to cry as she drew out the knife stuck in Gu Nanqi's chest.

The process wasn't smooth, and she had to keep trying a few times to make his bleeding stop.

The clothes on Ji Xue's back were wet with sweat. She looked to be in a daze. After completing all her tasks, she slumped on the ground, all the bones in her body seemingly exhausted.

Seeing that there was no serious problem for the time being, she breathed a sigh of relief.  
She felt extremely fortunately for the first time that she had a healing ability.

She turned her head and looked at the first young master.

He seemed to have just awakened from a trance. His eyes were wide open, and his lips were pale: "Is h-he all right?"

Ji Xue said softly: "His life is no longer in danger."

The first young master started bawling, showing a smile that was uglier than crying: "That's good, that's good…"

Ji Xue didn't stay in the Gu family residence very often, but she had long heard stories about the first young master from her father.  
The first young master doesn't like the second young master. This was something that everyone in the Gu family knows knew.

She gritted her teeth and stared at the first young master: "Can you tell me, what just happened?"

How could a person be injured so suddenly?  
If it was the first young master who did it, she would fight to protect the Second Young Master even if at the cost of her own life.

The moment she said this, it felt that she had stepped on where it hurt for the young master.

His eyes flushed rapidly, he wrapped his hands around his knees and leaned on the foot of the bed behind him. Her eyes were dull as he whispered: "Xiao-Qi, he was a good person..."

Ji Xue was stunned: "What?"

He raised his head, looked at her, crying: "He was so stupid, too stupid..."

Ji Xue was a little anxious: "What on earth happened?"

"I had a fight with him this morning."

"I said I want to leave early. I don't want to stay in this ghastly place and wait for death but he didn't agree."

"So, I came here to ask for a knife."

While talking, tears rolled down the side of his face.

Snatched a knife and accidentally stabbed Gu Er Shao?  
Ji Xue thought about it, her expression becoming increasingly ugly.

"He refused to come with me, so he took out his knife and planned to give it to me."

"Xiao-Qi had always been so stupid."

The young master choked and stretched at an arm as if showing what happened: "When he gave me the knife, in fear of my safety, he gave it to me with the hilt pointing to me."

"With the tip of the knife was facing himself."

"Then he..."

He stretched out his hand and covered his eyes, tears falling like a torrent: "...He fell."