---
title: "The Paranoid Protagonist Always Thinks I Have a Crush on Him [Apocalypse] - Chapter 003"
subtitle: "Staring at him quietly"
date: 2021-10-08T00:28:18+13:00
draft: false

slug: "paranoid-protagonist"
category: "The Paranoid Protagonist Always Thinks I Have a Crush on Him [Apocalypse]"
tags: ["cannon fodder mc", "protagonist ml", "bl"]

translator: ["Axis"]
---

Ji Xue: “……” <!--more-->

She had such a few words in her mind, but didn’t know whether to say them or not.

But, seeing the first young master crying like this, getting sadder and sadder, more and more uncontrollable as he cried, Ji Xue fell silent.

Lin Shengyu cried a long time until he finally stopped, out of breath. He raised his head, looked at Ji Xue with moist black eyes, and nasally voice: “It’s lucky you were here, otherwise... if something really happened to Xiao-Qi, I’m afraid I will never be able to forgive myself in this life.”

Ji Xue: “……”

She thought about it again and concluded that she was really overthinking things.

He had completely had no motive to kill the second young master.

Even if he really killed him, according to the young master’s personality, there was no way he’d still stick around. This was the end of the world after all. If a person or two died, just run away. No point in putting a big show right?

Also, the second young master had a supernatural ability that could protect everyone, while the first young master was just an ordinary person with not a speck of power. How could he survive after killing the second young master?

Not only that, he was crying so sadly just now.

Ji Xue convinced herself with the theories, silently stuffing thousands of doubts back into her stomach.

She also needed time to calm the sadness and anxiety in her heart. She comforted him softly: “It’s okay, it’s okay, he wasn’t seriously injured, and it won’t be life-threatening.”

As it was cold on the ground, the two of them worked together to get Gu Nanqi onto the bed.

Afraid of the wound tearing, Ji Xue used her ability to help deal with it again.

Gu Nanqi lay on the bed, his face whiter than the wall behind him and his lips were dry from excessive blood loss. He was as weak as a basin of loose sand, as if he would be blown away by the wind in the next second.

Lin Shengyu wiped away the tears on his face hurriedly: “How soon will he wake up?”

Ji Xue’s eyes were bitter: “I’m not sure, maybe two to three days.”

Two to three days.

Lin Shengyu calculated with his fingers in his heart. It seemed that he had better find a chance to escape with Gu Nanqi today.

Otherwise, when Gu Nanqi woke up and found that he “stabbed himself with a knife”, it was very likely that he will blacken immediately.

More importantly, Ji Xue was just a little girl. She was not deeply involved in society yet, and was simple and easy to deceive. Plus, she didn’t know enough about Gu Nanliu’s character and thus still had some trust in Lin Shengyu.

But Butler Ji was completely different. If he came, Lin Shengyu had only two paths left. Either have a beautiful death, or an ugly death.

Lin Shengyu felt that his situation was perilous.

To not make the situation more difficult, he had to quickly turn the gears in head and recall the plot.

Leaving the villa was not the problem. Right, the reason why Gu Nanliu dared to take the risk and bravely kill his brother to nab the ring was not just because the ring functions were tempting enough. He had also suddenly awakened a speed-type ability and was capable of self-protection.

So long he escaped fast enough, the zombies would not be able to catch up with him.

Lin Shengyu decided that after Ji Xue left the bedroom, he would walk away with the unconscious protagonist on his back.

After making this plan, he began to wait.

Wait patiently.

And wait patiently.

……

Why won’t this little girl leave?

Lin Shengyu looked at Ji Xue, who was busy taking care of Gu Nanqi, and realised something.

Ji Xue was the first member of Gu Nanqi’s harem. When Gu Nanqi got hurt, it made her feel more upset than a knife stuck on her own body. There was no way she would be willing to leave at such a time.

Not to mention, there was a time-ticking bomb like himself right there.

Lin Shengyu looked at her with tears: “Can you help me... help Xiao-Qi have a glass of water?”

The water hadn’t stopped yet on the third day of the outbreak.

Ji Xue paused. She bit her lip, hesitating before nodding: “Fine, take care of him for me for a bit.”

She closed the door and left. The bedroom became quiet.

Leaving the injured Gu-gege in the bedroom and letting him face Gu Nanliu alone, made Ji Xue feel continuous unease in her heart.

She hurriedly headed back, her hands tightly twisted together.

She originally planned to go straight back with the hot water, but when she thought about it, she changed directions and went directly to the room where her father was.

She raised his hand and knocked on the door.

After a while, Butler Ji opened the door, and when he saw her, his expression was astonished: “What’s the matter, why are you so upset?”

He remembered something and touched his daughter’s head: “I’m studying the route. It’s no longer safe to stay in Tao’an City. When they wake up, we will discuss the way forward.”

Thinking that her daughter was afraid, Butler Ji let out a soft voice: “Don’t be afraid, Dad will definitely protect you.”

Ji Xue raised her head suddenly, her voice was shaking: “Dad, he...he was injured.”

Butler Ji’s eyebrows jumped, and his reaction was half a beat late. After a few seconds, he hurriedly asked: “Who was injured?”

She hurriedly told the Butler Ji about everything that had happened earlier.

Butler Ji’s expression changed suddenly after listening: “How dare he make up such a ridiculous lie!”

While cursing in a low voice, he hurried towards where Gu Nanqi’s bedroom was located.

When Ji Xue heard this, her small face turned pale. She was dizzy and almost fell: “He lied to me?”

Butler Ji said angrily: “He is not a good person, and he must have an evil reason to distract you!”

He had raised the two children of the Gu Family, and he knew them like the back of his hand. There was no way that Butler Ji didn’t know of how the first young master used to bully the second young master.

It was hard for him to imagine how there could be such a vicious person in the world.

When the two returned to Gu Nanqi’s room, it was already late.

In the bedroom at the end of the corridor, the door was open. The room was empty and there was no one. Gu Nanqi and Gu Nanliu disappeared together.

——

When Lin Shengyu heard Ji Xue’s footsteps go away, he did not hesitate for a second. First, he took all the self-defense items that could be used in the bedroom, and then put Gu Nanqi on his back. He bustled out of the bedroom.

Speed-type ability sounded useless, but it came in handy at such a time.

Following the route in his memory, it took a couple of seconds to find the underground garage of the villa.

The happiness of the rich was beyond imagination for peasants. The garage was full of cars.

Big, small, long, wide, those that were branded, and those that were not branded... everything was there.

The cars seemed to have turned into black dots, merging into a huge “rich” word in front of Lin Shengyu’s eyes.

Lin Shengyu didn’t understand cars, and the original owner had too much information about cars in his memory.

He didn’t bother to screen them one by one. He simply chose a car with the tallest, strongest and most spacious looking chassis.

He placed Gu Nanqi at the back seat of the car and lay down him down.

His wound had just been treated, so he was very weak. His brows were furrowed, and he didn’t know what was going on around him.

Thanks to Gu Nanqi’s blessing, there were currently no zombies in the yard. This small villa, in theory, could have become a sufficiently safe fortress.

It was a pity that Butler Ji was there.

Lin Shengyu drove the car out of the villa, looked at the loose zombies on the street, and took a deep breath.

As it hadn’t been long since he’d finished the novel, most of the important information still remained in his mind. He remembered that the biggest feature of this place called Tao’an City was that the infection rate of zombies was extremely high.

After the apocalypse, it was the place that had the highest occurrence of zombie waves.

If they didn’t escape as soon as possible, the future risks would double,

At this point, the zombies had stiff bodies and low sensitivity. They were of little threat to humans.

“Not a big threat, not a big threat, not a big threat...”

Lin Shengyu kept repeating these words in a low voice, took a deep breath and stepped on the accelerator. With the attitude of a strong man cutting his wrist, he rushed out bravely and fearfully.

The sound quickly attracted the zombies on the side of the road. The zombies took stiff steps, awkwardly but cutely following the car.

Wave after wave, there were zombies in all directions.

They had terrifying faces, their skin was rotten, blood had hardened, holes all over their body and their eye sockets were muddy white.

Although he was prepared before going out, Lin Shengyu still didn’t have the courage to look at a zombie’s face.

Watching zombies through a computer screen and watching zombies in real life were two completely different experiences.

If he wasn’t so alert, he wanted bite his hand and order himself to escape this nightmare.

As the GPS still worked, he fumbled along the route.

Before coming out, Lin Shengyu had carefully considered over his next move.

According to the original plot, the first thing Gu Nanqi did after being awakened by the Ji father and daughter pair was to add Ji Xue into the harem. Of course, Ji Xue took the initiative.

And now, he had disrupted this event for his survival reasons.

As for the Ji Xue, Lin Shengyu felt a bit of regret for Gu Nanqi’s harem.

But that was okay——

Although the first event didn’t quite work out, as the protagonist’s lackey, Lin Shengyu promised that he would deliver the other harem members and bros.

While Lin Shengyu was thinking this, he suddenly felt a pain in his head.

Then, the indifferent system prompt popped out.

[Gu Nanqi’s Health Points has increased. The Host’s Cannon Fodder Points has decreased.]

[Current Cannon Fodder Points of the Host: 1]

[Cannon Fodder Points naturally decreases by 10 points every day]

[Reminder: the host will lose his life when Cannon Fodder Points are lower than 0]

Lin Shengyu: “……”

Which meant that his current number of points wasn’t enough to last a single day?

How was this fair?

[Reminder: The host needs to complete a Cannon Fodder Mission every day to obtain the corresponding Current Cannon Fodder Points to survive]

[The system is intended to remind the host that while being an undercover agent, we should not forget our original aspirations, uphold our mission, and keep in mind the responsibilities of a cannon fodder]

The duty of cannon fodder, in other words, was to be turned into the ashes of a cannon.

But……

Lin Shengyu’s mouth twitched: “…What’s the Cannon Fodder Mission?”

[The real cannon fodder should learn to be self-reliant and uncover the mission details by themselves]

Lin Shengyu: “Bullying the protagonist?”

Lin Shengyu: “Beat up the protagonist?”

Lin Shengyu: “Do things that make the protagonist unhappy?”

[The Host is very talented]

Thank you for the compliment, but he didn’t need it.

Lin Shengyu continued to drive. The system probably felt like it had finally won a round, and excitedly started to chatter in his mind.

[Reminder: Big incidents can get Cannon Fodder Points ranging from 30 to 50 points]

[Small incidents can get Cannon Fodder Points ranging from 10 to 30]

[Small incidents include: Cutting off Gu Nanqi’s face, breaking Gu Nanqi’s legs, cutting off Gu Nanqi’s hands...]

[Major events include: Snatching Gu Nanqi’s golden fingers, slitting Gu Nanqi’s throat, cutting Gu Nanqi’s...]

Lin Shengyu was still driving and was so distracted by the strings of excited words that he almost steered in the wrong direction.

Having enough, he opened his mouth: “Okay okay, that’s enough, I got it.”

[The Host is wise!]

A few minutes later.

[Why isn’t the Host acting?]

Lin Shengyu rolled his eyes: “Don’t you see me driving? There are so many zombies on the road, how’s it possible for me to stop?”

Dying now versus dying tomorrow, he would rather die tomorrow.

Plus, it wasn’t the deadline yet, so he wasn’t worried.

Lin Shengyu quickly put the incident behind him. He continued to review the plot as he drove.

Being a lackey was a trivial matter, but there was still a long way to go.

It was seven or eight in the morning when he went out. He had come out in a hurry and hadn’t brought any food. He didn’t dare to stop in the middle of the road either. He drove for around four hours before finally driving out of Tao’an City.

This was an apocalypse, and the road conditions were complicated. Without the co-driver to check out the situation, Lin Shengyu didn’t dare leave the car until it was safe.

More importantly, there wasn’t enough petrol.

His task was to leave Tao’an City and stay away from Ji father and daughter pair. Now that his goal was complete, he could relax a bit.

Not long after driving out of Tao’an City, he entered Sanquan City. Lin Shengyu carefully studied the GPS and chose a route that was less crowded.

There were only a few zombies scattered on the broad road.

A few kilometers later, he saw a small two-storey building built alone on the side of the road.

The door was wide open, and the owner of the house may have been one of those zombies wandering on the road.

Lin Shengyu locked his eyes on the target and parked the car.

He was very fast as he carried Gu Nanqi on his back into the room. He closed the door, letting out a sigh of relief.

There was a single square wooden table in the hall, which looked very empty. The room had a strong smell of blood and the floor was full of blood, but it was quiet.

Lin Shengyu called out for a while and the room still returned with silence.

He felt a little more relieved. Carrying Gu Nanqi on his back, he went inside to investigate. He didn’t know if food could be found in such a room.

The further he went inside, the darker it was, and the corridor was so long as if there was no end.
There were three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a kitchen on the first floor. There weren’t any living people or zombies.

He luckily found a bag of biscuits and half a box of mineral water in the first bedroom. In the second bedroom, he found some snacks and candies for children, as well as three bottles of carbonated drinks.

There was nothing in the third bedroom, the bed frame was empty and there were no blankets either. It looked unoccupied at first glance.

Lin Shengyu took Gu Nanqi into the third room.

The second floor hadn’t been inspected yet. Lin Shengyu decided to wait until he was fed.

There was clean bedding in the cupboard. He took two mattresses and put them on the bare bed, then placed Gu Nanqi on them.

At this point, he had to praise Ji Xue’s healing ability.

With all that bumping, Gu Nanqi’s wounds did not open.

Lin Shengyu opened the bag of biscuits, crunched as he ate them and drank the bottle of mineral water. He moved a small bench to the side of Gu Nanqi’s bed and stared at his sleeping face for a while.

“As long as it counts as bullying, I can do anything right?”

After most of the day had passed by before he had remembered, the system eagerly answered. [Yes! Any kind of bullying or insulting the protagonist can be called cannon fodder behavior]

Lin Shengyu was trying Gu Nanqi launched a language attack: “You smelly pig.”

……

No response.

[……]

“Stupid dog?”

[……]

“Idiot?”

[……]

“Dumbass——”

[Cannon Fodder Points have increased by 0.001]

Lin Shengyu’s eyes lit up.

Oh, he had never guessed that swear words worked.

He thought for a few seconds, then continued to attack: “Moron——”

[Cannon fodder value increased by 0.001 point]

“Dumbass ——”

[Cannon fodder value increased by 0.001 point]

“Dumbass——”

……

After saying it dozens of times, Lin Shengyu felt a little thirsty.

He closed his mouth, feeling deeply that the efficiency seemed a bit too low.

Scold the male lead “Dumbass” 10,000 times a day?

Shit! That was just sickening!

He stared at Gu Nanqi again for a few moments. Lin Shengyu raised his brows slightly.

The system saw that he had stopped a certain insult that “didn’t require effort” and said with satisfaction, [Why not try the knife in your hand...]

Before the words fell, it watched Lin Shengyu expressionlessly reaching out, pulling a single hair from Gu Nanqi’s head.

Gu Nanqi frowned but remained in his coma, oblivious.

[Cannon Fodder Points have increased by 0.1]

System: […]

Happiness surfaced from the depths of Lin Shengyu’s heart.

A person usually had around a hundred thousand hair strands. For Gu Nanqi, a hundred wouldn’t be a big deal, right?

He felt that he had seen the dawn of hope. He stretched out his hand, without saying anything, and harvested big bucks from Gu Nanqi’s head in moments.

……

The efficiency was quite high. The Cannon Fodder Points increased a bit by bit. When Lin Shengyu tore another one, the cannon fodder value had become 9.9 points.

There was now a handful of black hair in his hand.
Fortunately, Gu Nanqi, who was still in a coma and didn’t notice a thing. Otherwise, not even ten lives would not be enough for him to die.

He was still short of the last one.

He stretched out his hand.

But noticed something strange.

Lin Shengyu blinked, and lowered his head reflexively. His gaze fell on Gu Nanqi’s face.

He realised that at this moment, Gu Nanqi was opening his dark and beautiful eyes. He was frowning slightly, and staring at him silently.
