---
title: "Chapter 004"
subtitle: ""
date: 2021-10-13T22:57:38+13:00
draft: false

slug: "paranoid-protagonist"
category: "The Paranoid Protagonist Always Thinks I Have a Crush on Him [Apocalypse]"
tags: ["cannon fodder mc", "protagonist ml", "bl"]

translator: ["axis"]
---

Lin Shengyu: "……"<!--more-->

Silence.  
There was a long silence.

His hand had stopped in mid-air, less half a foot away from Gu Nanqi's hair.

Lin Shengyu seriously suspected that he had smelled the scent of death.

But the worse the situation, the more he refused to croak. He blinked slowly, blinking, and blinking, until his eyes became wet.

"You...you finally woke up." Lin Shengyu stretched out his claws and naturally continued his unfinished movements. His expression was sad, and his tone was upset.

Perhaps because his body was weak and that he had just gotten up, Gu Nanqi's ravenous black eyes were misty. He had stared silently at Lin Shengyu's hands that pulled at his hair, with a little confusion in his pupils.

A few seconds later, he seemed to have recalled what happened before the coma, and the expression on his face... became complicated again.

Lin Shengyu felt impelled to act.

"Do you know how long you slept?" He stared at the strand of hair between his fingers and said in a panic, "Look, this was your white hair..."

[Cannon Fodder Points have increased by 0.1]

Very good, the task was successfully completed. He now had a total of 10 Cannon Fodder Points, enough to live a day.

Gu Nanqi's brows frowned tightly again, and he glanced at Lin Shengyu's two fingers. The angle was wrong so he couldn't see the colour of his hair at all.

Of course, Lin Shengyu did not give him a chance to see the colour properly. He clenched his hands, and the expression on his face quickly changed to self-blame. With his fist against his forehead, he said: "Thank God you woke up. If something really happened to you, I'm afraid I will never be able to forgive myself in this life."

Gu Nanqi: "……"

Of course, Lin Shengyu knew that he was out of character at the moment.  
In the memory of the original body, the two brothers had never had a peaceful relationship.

Gu Nanliu had an overlord-type personality since being a child. He had often used physical actions to express his dissatisfaction with Gu Nanqi, who had suddenly appeared in his home.
After grew up, he had probably matured slightly, but he could only be polite on the surface. He continued his nasty tricks in private.

After all, in the mind of the original, Gu Nanqi's fate was no match for the value of the spiritual space ring.

Lin Shengyu didn't know if Gu Nanqi would believe in his previous "possession" excuse. He had no clue whether the latter still had murderous intentions.

He took the initiative to show concern: "Does anywhere feel uncomfortable?"

"...Head." Gu Nanqi finally spoke, his voice hoarse but unexpectedly nice to listen. "...Head hurts."

Lin Shengyu silently glanced at his head.

A head that a hundred hairs plucked from it, not surprising.

Out of guilt, he touched Gu Nanqi's head with a gentle voice, that of an intimate elder brother: "Maybe you have a cold. Why don't I get some medicine for you?"

Gu Nanqi closed his eyes, his face whiter than paper.

It was obvious that he was not in a good state of mind.  
After all, he shouldn't be awake at this point.

Lin Shengyu realized that it was all his fault. He shouldn't have pulled out his hair.

"Where is this?" Gu Nanqi opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling. Instead of answering Lin Shengyu, he asked a question instead.

He didn't seem to have any plans to pursue the injury to his chest for the time being.  
Yeah well, he couldn't even stand properly. Even if he wanted to pursue it, he had no ability to do it right now.

Lin Shengyu took out the words he had prepared for a long time: "While you were in a coma, there was a wave of zombies near our villa. I took you to escape here to avoid the zombies."

He paused for a while and added: "This is Sanquan City."

Gazing where place where Gu Nanqi was injured, Lin Shengyu continued: "Ji Xue helped you deal with the wound, but while hiding from the tide of corpses, I accidentally separated from them in order to take care of you."

When the young man spoke, his eyes were tender and full of guilt. He lowered his eyelashes slightly, and his fine black hair clinging to his forehead. His face hadn't changed, but his temperament was a far cry from the past.

"I'm sorry for what happened before." He apologized again sincerely. "I don't ask you to forgive me, but I hope you can give me a chance and let me take care of you."

Give me a chance to be your lil bro.  
Lin Shengyu added silently in his heart.

Killed him but didn't kill him.  
Had the chance to send him to hell, but took the initiative to take care of him after stabbing him.  
Not only that but returned the ring.  
Not only that but brought him here.

Gu Nanqi did not speak. He stared at the ceiling for a moment, as if he didn't take Lin Shengyu's words to heart.

Lin Shengyu understood.  
Even Gu Nanqi's super high protagonist IQ couldn't guess his true intentions.

"After you get better, you can kill me in any way you want."

Gu Nanqi still did not speak.

Lin Shengyu was very sensitive. He picked up a bottle of mineral water, unscrewed the lid and handed it to Gu Nanqi's lips: "Want me to feed you?"

Gu Nanqi finally reacted.

He bit his lower lip: "Help me up."

Lin Shengyu did it quickly.

After half a bottle of water had gone down, Gu Nanqi's complexion improved for the most part.

Lin Shengyu took the water and put it aside. He then affectionately put a few packets of biscuits in Gu Nanqi's arms.

Gu Nanqi did not refuse, simply accepting them all.

Lin Shengyu sighed heavily.

Gu Nanqi raised his eyebrows to look at him, seemingly waiting quietly for him to continue.

Lin Shengyu stared at Gu Nanqi's injuries closely. The blood stains had dried up, but it still looked shocking.

His expression reflected the fierce psychological struggle in his heart. In just a few seconds, the expression on his face had changed multiple changes from hesitation to guilt to heartache to despair.

Finally, he looked at Gu Nanqi, his suppressing his voice: "I came here, I saw a pharmacy outside. I'll go help you find some medicine."

Gu Nanqi's tone was calm: "I have seen the wound. Ji Xue handled it very well. It doesn't matter if you don't get me medicine."

Lin Shengyu sunk further into self-blame. He clenched his fists and furrowed his brows: "But...I can't feel at ease. Every time I see your injury, I can remember that desperate look you had in a pool of blood. "

He looked at Gu Nanqi: "Xiao-Qi, let me go. There weren't many zombies in that pharmacy, only 30. Although I am just an ordinary person with nothing but my bare hands, I have one thing that the zombies don't. That is, human wisdom."

"I believe that with my wisdom, I can definitely get back the medicine surrounded by thirty zombies."

Lin Shengyu thought that his heartfelt words would move the mountains and rivers, amazing the sun and the moon to do his bidding.  
See, look, there were thirty zombies. If he really went, then he was obviously going to die. If he were to die, then who would look after Gu Nanqi?  
So, for the good of everyone, someone would stop him.

Lin Shengyu made up his mind and expressed a few heartfelt words. Once the meaning was understood, Gu Nanqi was supposed to reluctantly agree not to get the medicine.

However, Gu Nanqi didn't seem to plan to follow the script.

Instead, Lin Shengyu saw him closing his eyes blankly and leaning back.

He had a casual expression and casually replied: "Come back soon then."

Lin Shengyu: "……"  
This man, he was not human